https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-29729 part 5? (#8685)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/network_config_hub.adoc

| Outbound to the managed cluster 
| HTTPS 

> | Retrieval of logs dynamically from search console for the pods of the managed cluster, uses the `klusterlet-addon-workmgr` service that is running on the managed cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Retrieval of logs dynamically from the search console for the pods of the managed cluster, uses the `klusterlet-addon-workmgr` service that is running on the managed cluster
```

> | Retrieval of logs dynamically from the search console for the pods of the managed cluster, uses the `klusterlet-addon-workmgr` service that is running on the managed cluster

Author: ```suggestion
| The `klusterlet-addon-workmgr` service running on the managed cluster dynamically retrieves logs from the search console for the pods
```
